Draft: Install documentation language reworked (#399)
ubports/docs.ubports.com: userguide/install.rst

.. warning::

    You must select FIRMWARE UPGRADE, and not DOWNLOAD ONLY. Otherwise you brick your device.

    Also, after selecting the ``*Android_scatter.txt``, the drop-down menu choice is reset to DOWNLOAD ONLY.

>     Be sure to select it after selecting the file.

Author: ```suggestion
    Make sure it is set to FIRMWARE UPGRADE after selecting the file.
```
?
